a familiar early morning site for
Generations in Gaza the territory's
fishing boats returning to Harbor
but unloading at the Docks today is
especially urgent these nets haven't
been used for nearly a week
the men and boys here were blocked by
Israel's military from earning their
living
his decision to stay home during the
recent escalation in violence was also a
show of solidarity for friends and
Neighbors
it was unavoidable we couldn't just go
to work on a day when there were people
killed and others injured we had to feel
what others felt
but as soon as the air strikes on Gaza
ended he and his crew started working
and he hasn't stopped to sleep since
then after 20 years of what he calls
Freedom At Sea hussam hates being stuck
on land
there were days that a fisherman's
forced to stay at home because there's
nothing to catch and it just costs
diesel to sail but there were lots of
problems and troubles on those days at
home because he can't provide for his
family
about a hundred thousand people in Gaza
rely in some way on fishing for their
livelihoods
the catch is stacked at the Docks then
moved to a nearby Market
crabs sharks shrimps and sardines are on
the menu and the buyers are hungry after
several days of no business because of
the bombardments trading here is
frenetic now as middlemen representing
the boat captain sell the fish on to
Market Traders
is one of the men in the middle of
arguments and price haggling
the recent blockade on gaza's fishing
boats he says another problem alongside
a fall in fish stocks
the previous week there was no work
because there weren't any fish to catch
for fishermen that's a tragedy because
you have family to provide for
every escalation in fighting means
normal economic life grinds to a halt
now
they stopped our livelihoods they
stopped our work and suddenly we found
ourselves in the middle of rockets
Rockets
fresh morning fish another reminder of
what people in Gaza stand to gain when
peace is possible
villain marks Al Jazeera Gaza
well one of the latest wave of violence
in Gaza is a remain